Harvey Weinstein: Met police investigate new sex assault claims
1 hour ago
 From the section Entertainment & Arts Share this with Facebook  Share this with Twitter  Share this with Messenger  Share this with Email  Share
Harvey WeinsteinImage copyrightAFP/GETTY IMAGES
UK police are investigating three further sexual assault allegations in London involving Harvey Weinstein, the BBC understands.
The Metropolitan Police says a second victim alleges she was assaulted in Westminster in 2010 and 2011 and in Camden in 2015.
Officers are already looking into claims a woman was assaulted by Weinstein in the 1980s.
The Hollywood film producer has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
No arrests have been made over any of the allegations, police say.
New York police are also investigating claims against Weinstein, including rape and sexual assault.
More than two dozen women - among them actresses Angelina Jolie, Gwyneth Paltrow and Rose McGowan - have made a number of accusations against him.
Weinstein, 65, is a huge figure in the film world, where his productions have received more than 300 Oscar nominations and won 81.
Woody Allen 'sad' for Harvey Weinstein
Harvey Weinstein: The accusers' stories
James Corden criticised for Weinstein joke
Women in his own words
Alice Evans: My Weinstein encounter
On Saturday, the organisation behind the Oscars (the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences) voted to expel Weinstein.
Hollywood figures including Tom Hanks and Whoopi Goldberg sit on the board for the organisation.
Announcing its decision, the Academy said the "era of wilful ignorance and shameful complicity in sexually predatory behaviour and workplace harassment in our industry is over".


Media captionFilm Critic Jason Solomons says Harvey Weinstein "came for me and shook me" after a bad review
British actress Lysette Anthony is the latest named star to accuse Weinstein, after telling the Sunday Times he attacked her at her London home in the late 1980s.
The star of TV soap Hollyoaks said she met the producer in 1982 when she was in sci-fi film Krull and the alleged assault happened a few years later.
It was a "pathetic, revolting" attack, Anthony said, that had left her "disgusted and embarrassed".
What it was like to work for Weinstein
How the scandal unfolded
Did everyone really know?
Exploring the casting couch culture of LA
Separate to Anthony's claims, an unidentified woman told the Mail On Sunday she had been raped by Weinstein in 1992 when she was working at his film company offices in west London.
Meanwhile, filmmaker Woody Allen has said he had heard rumours about Weinstein but not "these horror stories" adding he was "sad" to hear about the numerous allegations.
The 65-year-old's brother refused to comment on whether the board of Weinstein Company had been aware of settlements with women during recent contract negotiations.
But Bob Weinstein told the Hollywood Reporter magazine he had no idea of "the type of predator" his brother was.